Your phone is ringing again.	Your phone is ringing again.
Your phone's ringing.	Your phone's ringing.
Your pitching is far superior to mine.	Your pitching is far superior to mine.
Your place or mine?	Your place or mine?
Your plan didn't work.	Your plan didn't work.
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.	Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Your plan is bound to fail.	Your plan is bound to fail.
Your plan seems better than mine.	Your plan seems better than mine.
Your plan seems excellent.	Your plan seems excellent.
Your plan sounds great.	Your plan sounds great.
Your problem is similar to mine.	Your problem is similar to mine.
Your problem is you don't study enough.	Your problem is you don't study enough.
Your problem is you're easily distracted.	Your problem is you're easily distracted.
Your problem is you're not patient enough.	Your problem is you're not patient enough.
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.	Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
Your problems don't concern me.	Your problems don't concern me.
Your pronunciation is excellent.	Your pronunciation is excellent.
Your pronunciation is more or less correct.	Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Your prophecy has come true.	Your prophecy has come true.
Your proposal is a bit extreme.	Your proposal is a bit extreme.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.	Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
Your pulse is normal.	Your pulse is normal.
Your question has no answer.	Your question has no answer.
Your question is hard for me to answer.	Your question is hard for me to answer.
Your question is hard to answer.	Your question is hard to answer.
Your question is not relevant to the subject.	Your question is not relevant to the subject.
Your questions were too direct.	Your questions were too direct.
Your refusal to help complicated matters.	Your refusal to help complicated matters.
Your remarks were out of place.	Your remarks were out of place.
Your replacement has already been picked.	Your replacement has already been picked.
Your room is big.	Your room is big.
Your room is very big.	Your room is very big.
Your sacrifice was not in vain.	Your sacrifice was not in vain.
Your secret will be safe with me.	Your secret will be safe with me.
Your secret's safe with us.	Your secret's safe with us.
Your security guard wouldn't let me in.	Your security guard wouldn't let me in.
Your services are no longer required.	Your services are no longer required.
Your shelf is full of books.	Your shelf is full of books.
Your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours.	Your shipment should be delivered within twenty four hours.
Your shirt button is coming off.	Your shirt button is coming off.
Your shirt is inside out.	Your shirt is inside out.
Your shoes are here.	Your shoes are here.
Your shoes are untied.	Your shoes are untied.
Your shoes are wet. Put them near the fire.	Your shoes are wet. Put them near the fire.
Your shoes don't go with that outfit.	Your shoes don't go with that outfit.
Your singing puts professional singers to shame.	Your singing puts professional singers to shame.
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?	Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Your sister is beautiful as ever.	Your sister is beautiful as ever.
Your sister's as beautiful as ever.	Your sister's as beautiful as ever.
Your smile always makes me happy.	Your smile always makes me happy.
Your socks don't match.	Your socks don't match.
Your son is a genius.	Your son is a genius.
Your son is dating my daughter.	Your son is dating my daughter.
Your son must be quite tall by now.	Your son must be quite tall by now.
Your soul needs to be saved.	Your soul needs to be saved.
Your speech will be recorded in history.	Your speech will be recorded in history.
Your story is hard to believe.	Your story is hard to believe.
Your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames.	Your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames.
Your sudden appearance surprised me.	Your sudden appearance surprised me.
Your suggestion is of no practical use.	Your suggestion is of no practical use.
Your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here.	Your suggestion seems irrelevant to our discussion here.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.	Your suggestion seems reasonable.
Your suitcase is too heavy.	Your suitcase is too heavy.
Your sweater is on backwards.	Your sweater is on backwards.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.	Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
Your team is better than ours.	Your team is better than ours.
Your team is stronger than ours.	Your team is stronger than ours.
Your telephone's ringing, Tom.	Your telephone's ringing, Tom.
Your theory has no scientific basis.	Your theory has no scientific basis.
Your things are all here.	Your things are all here.
Your thirty minutes are up.	Your thirty minutes are up.
Your threats don't scare me at all.	Your threats don't scare me at all.
Your time is over.	Your time is over.
Your time is up.	Your time is up.
Your voice sounds very familiar to me.	Your voice sounds very familiar to me.
Your wallet is on the television set.	Your wallet is on the television set.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.	Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Your watch is on the desk.	Your watch is on the desk.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.	Your watch is ten minutes slow.
Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.	Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.
Your wife left.	Your wife left.
Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.	Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.
Your wish will come true in the near future.	Your wish will come true in the near future.
Your work has greatly improved.	Your work has greatly improved.
Your work is below average.	Your work is below average.
Your wristwatch is on the table.	Your wristwatch is on the table.
Your zipper is open.	Your zipper is open.
Yours is better.	Yours is better.
Yours is not bad, either.	Yours is not bad, either.
Yours is over there.	Yours is over there.
Youth is wasted on the young.	Youth is wasted on the young.
You’d better lie low for a few weeks.	You’d better lie low for a few weeks.
You’ll see that I’m right.	You’ll see that I’m right.
Zap it in the microwave for thirty seconds.	Zap it in the microwave for thirty seconds.
Zero comes before one.	Zero comes before one.
Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.	Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.
Zoology deals with the study of animal life.	Zoology deals with the study of animal life.
Zoos are like prisons for animals.	Zoos are like prisons for animals.
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.
iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.	iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.
